PPTT-3538 Added missing JSTC methods (#863)
PiwikPRO/PPMS-PublicDocs: data_collection/web/javascript_tracking_client/api.rst

    :return: Currently used Piwik tracking URL (e.g. ``"https://example.piwik.pro/"``)
    :rtype: string

.. function:: setApiUrl(url)

    Overrides HTTP API URL for tracking endpoint that was set at the tracker initiation.
    It's outdated function since standard setup should use correct URL.

    .. deprecated:: 16.17

        This method is outdated, use :func:`setTrackerUrl` instead.

    :param string url: **Required** Path to HTTP API URL (e.g. "https://example.piwik.pro")

    Example of usage:

    .. tabs::

        .. group-tab:: Command queue

            .. code-block:: javascript

                _paq.push(["setApiUrl", "https://example.piwik.pro/piwik.php"]);

        .. group-tab:: JavaScript Tracking Client object

            .. code-block:: javascript

                jstc.setApiUrl("https://example.piwik.pro/piwik.php");

.. function:: getPiwikUrl()

    Returns the HTTP API URL used by tracker (either default, set during tracker initiation or override value set with
    :func:`setApiUrl`).

    :return: Currently used HTTP API URL (e.g. ``"https://example.piwik.pro/piwik.php"``)
    :rtype: string

    .. deprecated:: 16.17

>         This method is outdated, use :func:`getTrackerUrl` instead.

Reviewer: Same as above.

    :rtype: string

.. function:: setApiUrl(url)

    Overrides HTTP API URL for tracking endpoint that was set at the tracker initiation.
    Usually there is no need to use this function since standard setup should use correct URL.

    .. deprecated:: 16.17

        Use :func:`setTrackerUrl` instead. Previously this method was useful when "Overlay" report didn't work, but that
        report was removed some time ago.

    :param string url: **Required** Path to HTTP API URL (e.g. "https://example.piwik.pro")

    Example of usage:

    .. tabs::

        .. group-tab:: Command queue

            .. code-block:: javascript

                _paq.push(["setApiUrl", "https://example.piwik.pro/piwik.php"]);

        .. group-tab:: JavaScript Tracking Client object

            .. code-block:: javascript

                jstc.setApiUrl("https://example.piwik.pro/piwik.php");

.. function:: getPiwikUrl()

    Returns the HTTP API URL used by tracker (either default, set during tracker initiation or override value set with
    :func:`setApiUrl`).

    :return: Currently used HTTP API URL (e.g. ``"https://example.piwik.pro/piwik.php"``)
    :rtype: string

    .. deprecated:: 16.17

>         Use :func:`getTrackerUrl` instead. This getter returns URL used for "Overlay" report, but that report was

Reviewer: Same here.

> .. function:: setApiUrl(url)

Reviewer: Shoudn't it be `setAPIUrl`? with API in capital?

Author: I'm just describing current public methods. We can clean them up later using deprecation process.

Reviewer: But the source code has `API`, or am I seeing things?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16927151/165063151-d290845d-e31f-4ea2-aee6-613b90c1897e.png)

    Overrides HTTP API URL for tracking endpoint that was set at the tracker initiation.

>     It's outdated function since standard setup should use correct URL.

Reviewer: Reworded.
```suggestion
    The use of this function is discouraged, as JavaScript Tracking Client should select the correct URL.
```

    .. deprecated:: 16.17

>         This method is outdated, use :func:`setTrackerUrl` instead.

Reviewer: Two small nitpicks. In most places we use term "function" instead of "method". Why "outdated" and not "deprecated"?

Author: It's already described in deprecated notice and we lost use case for this function (Overlay report for which it was meant for was removed/replaced with new Analytics report engine).

            .. code-block:: javascript

>                 _paq.push(["discardHashTag"]);

Reviewer: `enableFilter` is required, yet we don't provide it in examples.

        .. group-tab:: JavaScript Tracking Client object

            .. code-block:: javascript

                jstc.redirectFile();

.. function:: getNumTrackedPageViews()

    Returns a number of page views tracked so far without loading new page. Traditional sites will always show ``1``
    so it's mostly useful on SPA pages that use :func:`trackPageView` without loading a new page.

    :return: Number of page views tracked so far without loading new page
    :rtype: number

    Example of usage:

    .. tabs::

        .. group-tab:: Command queue

            .. code-block:: javascript

                _paq.push([function() {
                    console.log(this.getNumTrackedPageViews());
                }]);

        .. group-tab:: JavaScript Tracking Client object

            .. code-block:: javascript

                console.log(jstc.getNumTrackedPageViews());

.. function:: getConfigIdPageView()

    Returns current page view ID. This value is generated with each use of :func:`trackPageView`. If new value is
    different ten last value, then JSTC is currently tracking a new page.

    :return: Page view ID (e.g. ``"abCdE1"``)

>     :rtype: number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :rtype: string
```
